docs: consolidate gateway installation guides (#1778)
llm-d/llm-d: docs/resources/gateway/README.md

# Gateway Guides

> This directory contains guides for deploying a k8s Gateway managed proxy for the **llm-d Router**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains guides for deploying a Kubernetes Gateway as a proxy for the **llm-d Router**.
```

> [!NOTE]
> To have an end-to-end working Gateway configuration, the guides require deploying one of the [well-lit paths](../../well-lit-paths/README.md).

## Why do you need a Gateway?

> The **llm-d router** provides an extension to [compatible Gateway providers](https://gateway-api-inference-extension.sigs.k8s.io/implementations/gateways/) that optimizes load balancing of LLM traffic across model server replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **llm-d Router** provides an extension to [compatible Gateway providers](https://gateway-api-inference-extension.sigs.k8s.io/implementations/gateways/) that optimizes load balancing of LLM traffic across model server replicas.
```

The integration with a Gateway allows self-hosted models to be exposed in a [wide variety of network topologies including](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/concepts/use-cases/):

* Internet-facing services
* Internal to your cluster
* Through a service mesh

and take advantage of key Gateway features like:

* Traffic splitting for incremental rollout of new models
* TLS encryption of queries and responses

By integrating with a Gateway -- instead of developing an llm-d specific proxy layer -- llm-d can leverage the high performance of mature proxies and take advantage of existing operational tools for managing traffic to services. Compatible Gateway implementations may use proxies like [Envoy](https://www.envoyproxy.io/) or other high-performance data planes under the hood.

## Overview

> The key elements are:

Reviewer: key elements of what?

Author: ahhh sorry i moved some things around - good callout this doesn't make sense any more as is. will fix

> * The **llm-d Router** is an **endpoint picker (EPP)** that decides which model server a given request should go to

Reviewer: and llm-d Router is a proxy + EPP, not just an endpoint picker. So here you probably want to say something like: 

The llm-d Endpoint Picker is an external processing service that a Kubernetes Gateway consults to decide which model server a given request should go to

> * The **llm-d Router `InferencePool` Custom Resource** that provisions and configures an **llm-d router** on a Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `InferencePool` Custom Resource** that includes the spec for Kubernetes Gateway controllers to provision an llm-d Endpoint Picker as an inference extension to a Kubernetes Gateway 
```
